MAGEDOC-3489 Cron logging updates (#3662)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/config-guide/cli/logging.md

    bin/magento cache:flush
    ```

## Cron logging

With the release of version 2.3.1, Magento now creates a separate `cron` log. 
Magento recently made cron logging more verbose, which provided more information but lengthened the `system.log` considerably. 

> Moving `cron` info to a dedicated log will make both logs easier to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving `cron` info to a dedicated log makes both logs easier to read.
```

Author: Got it.

    bin/magento cache:flush
    ```

## Cron logging

With the release of version 2.3.1, Magento now creates a separate `cron` log. 
Magento recently made cron logging more verbose, which provided more information but lengthened the `system.log` considerably. 
Moving `cron` info to a dedicated log makes both logs easier to read.

By default, Magento writes `cron` info to `<install_directory>/var/log/cron.log`.

## Syslog logging

By default, Magento writes _syslog_ logs to the operating system `syslog` file.

> As of Magento 2.3.1, you must use the `magento` command to enable or disable the syslog.

Reviewer 2: you must use `setup:config:set --enable-syslog-logging=true|false` command

Author: Fixed.

Author: Fixed.

#### To enable syslog logging:

As of Magento 2.3.1, enabling the syslog must be done via the Magento CLI. 

> The setting in the Admin panel has been removed.

Author: Done.

> Logging to `syslog` is always enabled for developer and default modes, but disabled for production mode; even on Cloud where only production mode is supported.

Reviewer 2: Logging to `syslog` is disable by default

Author: Fixed.

> 1. Use the `setup:config:set` command to change the `dev/syslog/syslog_logging` database value to `true`.

Reviewer 2: There is no any `dev/syslog/syslog_logging` value in the database

> 1. Use the `setup:config:set` command to change the `dev/syslog/syslog_logging` database value to `true`.

Reviewer 2: Use the `setup:config:set --enable-syslog-logging=true|false` command to change the behavior

    ```bash
    bin/magento setup:config:set --enable-syslog-logging=true
    ```

2. Flush the cache.

    ```bash
    bin/magento cache:flush
    ```

### To disable syslog logging

> 1. Use the `setup:config:set` command to change the `dev/syslog/syslog_logging` database value to `false`.

Reviewer 2: There is no any `dev/syslog/syslog_logging` value in the database

> 1. Use the `setup:config:set` command to change the `dev/syslog/syslog_logging` database value to `false`.

Reviewer 2: Use the `setup:config:set --enable-syslog-logging=true|false` command to change the behavior

Author: Fixed.
